# The People's Permacomputer Project

The People's Permacomputer (henceforth known as "the people's
computer", or "the permacomputer") is a project dedicated to
resourcing the specification, and then construction of a
'permacomputer'.

## What is a permacomputer?

A permacomputer is a computer which attempts to embody the virtues of
permacomputing.

Foundationally, permacomputing _itself_ is set of community practices
and traditions which shares a set of social and ecological values
inspired by the 70s land management and settlement design of
_permaculture_.

## What is the point of this project?

The people's permacomputer project is an attempt to _physically
realise_ a permacomputer.

This will involve not just the production of an actual model
permacomputer, but also the development of a list of suggested social
and cultural practices around computing that will, it is hoped, assist
in the continued human practice of electronic computing.

There are many different dialectical approaches to making an
introduction to the people's permacomputer. One thought experiment
that has proved especially popular and easy to grasp sums up the
mindset behind which we are functioning:

> Industrial society has collapsed. All semiconductor fabrication has
> ceased, society-wide electrification is no longer guaranteed. There
> is no longer any internet. Computing as it was once known in the early
> 21st century is impossible. You need a computer for a task. What do
> you do?

This project is a humble response to the challenge posed by the above
problem.

## The People's Permacomputer

The hobbyist computer movement of the 1970s was rich in ideas, and
courageous--sometimes breathtaking--in its efforts to allow the lay
person to realise their access to an electronic computer.

One such model of computer that immediately proved attractive for the
purpose of a permacomputer is Mike Bauer's [DREAM
6800](http://www.mjbauer.biz/DREAM6800.htm).

...to be continued.
